pycohconstraints
================

python code for generating coherence constraints for lower previsions

This repository contains three directories, one with the python code to generate constraints sets, a second with bash scripts that can be used to process the generated constraints sets files, and a third with files resulting from using the code with many different parameters, and further files derived from these.

The code and scripts have only been used and therefore tested on Linux; without too much modification they should also work on other OSs.


Code
----
**Usage** The *constraints.py* program, which calculates coherence constraints for lower previsions for a given set of gambles.
Run the program without arguments to get more information.
The code is heaviliy documented, so reading it may also clarify its usage.

**Licensing** CC BY-SA 3.0, see https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/


Scripts
-------
Two bash scripts are included that may facilitate the usage of the python code, especially when one wishes to generate derived results (such as nonredundant sets of constraints, sets of extreme coherent lower previsions and adjacency graphs).
Modification for local installation details may be necessary.


Results
-------
**Explanation** This package containts files with:
  - pickled sets of gambles (extension `.pkl`).
  - constraints for lower previsions (extension `.ine`), generated by the *constraints.py* program, usually via a call to one of the bash scripts;
  - the above, but with redundant constraints removed (extension `-nr.ine`), generated from the above by the [*redund*][lrs] program;
  - extreme lower probabilities (extension `.ext`), generated from the above (or above above) with the *lcdd_gmp* program from the [*cdd*][cdd] bundle.
  - adjacency lists (extension `.adj`), generated from the above with the *adjacency_gmp* program from the [*cdd*][cdd]  bundle.

**Licensing** These files contain the music of the polytopes, so no license can be given or is needed for their use.

[lrs]: http://cgm.cs.mcgill.ca/~avis/C/lrs.html
[cdd]: http://www.inf.ethz.ch/personal/fukudak/cdd_home/


References & citing
-------------------
This code has been used for my research.
This research has been presented at a conference:

> Quaeghebeur, Erik. 2010.
> “Characterizing the set of coherent lower previsions with a finite number of constraints or vertices.”
> Ed. Peter Grünwald and Peter Spirtes.
> Proceedings of the Twenty-Sixth Conference on Uncertainty in Artificial Intelligence: 466–473.
> [hdl:1854/LU-984156](http://hdl.handle.net/1854/LU-984156).

Please cite this paper if you use any material in this repository.